# Status Codes

- List of status codes: [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status]

## 1xx Informational

## 2xx Success

- 200 OK: The request has succeeded and the response body contains the requested data.
- 201 Created: The request has succeeded and a new resource has been created as a result. The response body contains the representation of the new resource, commonly the Id of the new resource.
- 204 No Content: The request has succeeded but the response body does not contain any data.
- 202 Accepted: The request has been accepted for processing, but by security or business logic reasons, we can't return the data in the response body. Ex: User sent an email to request a code to reset the password.

## 3xx Redirection

## 4xx Client Error

- 400 Bad Request: The request could not be understood by the server due to malformed syntax. The client should not repeat the request without modifications. Commonly invalid data.
- 404 Not Found: The server can not find the requested resource. Ex: User not found.
- 401 Unauthorized: The request has not been applied because it lacks valid authentication credentials for the target resource.
- 403 Forbidden: The server understood the request, but is refusing to fulfill it because the authenticated client does not have the necessary permissions (authorization).
- 429 Too Many Requests: The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time. Ex: Rate limiting.

## 5xx Server Error

- 500 Internal Server Error: The server has encountered a situation it doesn't know how to handle. It's important not to show the error message to the user for security reasons. Return: "Unexpected error, please try again later.", for example.
